fix: tighten review angle gates (#451)
howarewoo/monorepo-template: site/content/docs/configuration.mdx

| `review.chunking.max_loc` | integer ≥ 0 | `4000` | Changed-line threshold; a larger diff is split into chunks and each angle fans out across them. `0` disables chunking. |
| `review.disable_adversarial` | boolean | `false` | `true` skips the skeptical prosecutor pass and uses the defender pass alone, a cost opt-out. |
| `review.defer_markers` | boolean | `true` | `true` honors inline `woostack-defer(<ref>)` markers, demoting a matching finding to a non-blocking nit. `security` findings are never deferred. |

> | `review.metrics` | boolean | `false` | `true` writes a per-angle signal/noise breakdown, folds a rolling local `.woostack/metrics.json`, and prints advisory `review.angles.skip` suggestions when an optional angle has enough zero-blocking local history. |

Author: **Nit: Metrics summary overstates skip advice**

site/content/docs/configuration.mdx now says metrics print skip suggestions when an optional angle has enough zero-blocking local history, but metrics-fold.sh only prints them at 20+ runs when there are zero kept findings or only nit findings. A reader could expect useful non-blocking findings to be treated as skip evidence.

Fix: Tighten the table entry to include the zero-kept/nit-only condition and the 20-run sample floor.

```suggestion
| `review.metrics` | boolean | `false` | `true` writes a per-angle signal/noise breakdown, folds a rolling local `.woostack/metrics.json`, and prints advisory `review.angles.skip` suggestions when an optional angle has at least 20 local runs with zero blockers and either zero kept findings or only nit findings. |
```

<sub>— <strong>LOW · NIT</strong> · flagged by the <code>docs</code> agent</sub>
